♪ MTV
♪ slow, suspenseful music
[Dwight]
When I was 17,
I wanted to be a gangster.
I married this life, and now...
Tulsa.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
[Chickie]
I want you to go there,
plant the flag, get it set up.
Who runs this neighborhood?
No crew up in here.
You in the middle of nowhere.
You drive for me now.
My gangsta. [laughs]
You make the money
and I make sure you keep it.
Do we have a deal?
Do I have a choice?
Absolutely not.
♪ upbeat, exciting music
Evening. What'll it be?
Well, I assume
you don't have Chianti.
You assume correctly.
Hey, Black Suit.
-I had a good time.
-Maybe I'll see you around.
I was wondering
if I could buy you dinner
tonight.
[Paul]
After this light,
I'll have you pull over
and make a K-turn.
Stay down!
You tried to put a bullet
in my head.
You work for me now, understand?
-I heard you called Tina.
-[Tina] When you went away,
Ma didn't have so much
as a checking account.
I want to make it up to you.
-Where you been?
-[Bodhi] Getting interrogated
and raided by the feds.
We partner up.
You, me and Mitch.
[Bodhi]
A casino?
You really want to keep working
for this asshole?
You got three seconds
to make up your mind.
Smart.
What are you doing here?
[Stacy]
I'm an ATF agent.
[Hendricks]
Dwight Manfredi,
you're under arrest.
Attempted bribery
of a federal agent.
[Tina]
What the hell is going on?
[Dwight]
You should ask her.
Tell me this
isn't happening again.
[Dwight]
I'm sorry, Tina.
♪ tense, dramatic music
[processing officer]
Skull necklace,
silver bull money clip,
turquoise bolo tie,
steer head buckle
with alligator belt,
$1,840 cash...
...gold bracelet.
Long night, right?
Turn around.
Let's go, pal. Move.
[Buck] Y'all motherfuckers
want to fuck with me?
I'll kick all
of your bitch asses.
You'll be arraigned
in the morning.
[Buck]
What the fuck we got here?
The suit man.
And who the fuck are you,
motherfucker?
My fucking rules.
Been in more fucking joints,
did more time than
all of you pussies put together.
Get your ass out of my seat
before I beat
the fuck out of you.
Hey, how you doing?
What?
Did he do that?
I don't want to talk about it.
The fuck you looking at?
You keep eyeballing me,
I'll fuck you up.
♪ slow, tense music
That doesn't scare you?
No.
It's the quiet ones
you got to worry about.
You been to prison before?
Briefly, yeah.
What are you in for?
Energy scam.
What'd you do?
Me?
I trusted the wrong person.
But fuck that.
What about "energy scam"?
How's that work?
Turbines, green energy.
I-I have a wind farm.
Got $12.5 million dollars
in government subsidies.
Nice.
So, what'd you do
with the $12.5 mil?
I gambled it away.
You gambled
$12.5 million dollars away?
[exhales]
What'd you get?
Eight years.
You'll be out in five.
Jesus, I...
[whispers]
I am not gonna make it.
When you go in the joint,
within the first day--
maybe even sooner--
somebody's gonna say
something simple,
like, "Pass the salt."
Your response should be,
"How 'bout I pass the salt
through your fucking eye,
out the back of your skull?"
Because if you do pass the salt,
within a week,
you're gonna be wearing a dress,
painting your nails red
and answering
to the name "Bitch."
You know what I mean?
See, everything's a test.
Got to send a message.
And since Western Union's
out of business,
I send my own message.
Watch.
Hey.
[grunting]
Fucking silence is golden.
Ah.
I can't do that.
No, of course not.
But you can hire somebody
who can.
[footsteps approaching]
[guard]
What happened to him?
He's taking a nap.
♪ percussive, upbeat music
♪♪♪
I knew she was no good.
Ain't no way
this wasn't gonna happen.
Scorpion and the frog.
No good deed and all that shit.
How did everyone
let this happen?
Nobody tells your old man
what to do.
He's right.
[Bodhi]
Well, we're gonna need
-a contingency plan.
-First things first,
he needs a lawyer.
Tina. Wait.
Look, I know how upset you are.
It's just...
if anybody can handle
a situation like this,
it's your old man.
There's nothing to handle.
He's going back to jail.
We don't know that.
Can someone please give me
a ride back to the hotel?
Sure.
You ready?
Yes.
[Mitch]
All right.
[Grace]
Does Dwight
-even have a chance?
-If it's federal--
She a damn ATF agent.
Of course it's federal.
Fuck. The future's cooked.
What do you mean?
We blew away eight bikers.
You don't think the feds
are gonna dig deeper
into their whereabouts?
They're 3,700 feet down
an abandoned zinc mine,
turning into damn dust.
Grace under fire.
All right, here's the deal.
We're gonna handle this
the way it's always been handled
when the boss goes away.
What, you're calling
the shots now?
I'm the only one here
who took the same oath
as Dwight, and you know
what I'm saying.
Okay, am I not allowed
to ask questions?
Hey, where do I fit
into this disaster goat-fuck?
Relax.
For all intents and purposes,
we're a family.
Dwight, obviously, is the boss.
In the interim,
I will fill that role.
Mitch will be my number two,
or the underboss.
Yo, I ride with the man
every day.
-So who's closer?
-[Armand] Fucking serious?
I'm Italian.
You and Dwight have issues.
The rest of you, your job
is to earn
and kick up to Dwight.
Earn how?
There's opportunities
everywhere.
Listen for the knocks.
Manfredi, you're up.
Finally.
Hey, uh, thanks for the advice.
[Dwight chuckles softly]
You'll be all right.
-Harlan Thibodeaux.
-Hmm.
Hey, if you ever need anything,
you look me up.
Well, Harlan,
you won't be hard to find.
[Watkins] Mr. Manfredi, you are
charged with attempted bribery
of a federal agent in violation
of 18 U.S. Criminal Code
section 201.
-How do you plead?
-Not guilty, Your Honor.
Your Honor, Mr. Manfredi
has a lengthy criminal history
and is, accordingly,
a significant flight risk.
The state hereby requests
that bail be denied
and the defendant remain
in custody pending trial.
-Mr. Henstock?
-[Henstock] Well, Your Honor,
uh, seems a bit excessive.
I can tell you...
Appreciate it. I got this.
Thank you very much.
Um...
Your Honor,
I'm a business owner--
Of a bar and weed store.
Which is irrelevant.
I have family here,
ties to the community.
And as for being
this flight risk...
[chuckles] I don't even have
a passport, Your Honor.
Can you post bail?
Sure, what are we talking about?
$3 million dollars.
Whoa. Three--
That's pretty severe,
Your Honor.
Uh, excuse me, Your Honor,
may I speak?
What are you doing, Tina?
Saving your ass.
Who are you?
I'm Tina Manfredi,
the defendant's daughter.
Um, if you'd be so kind
as to grant bail,
I can put up the bond.
I own unmortgaged property.
Tina.
[Watkins]
Quiet.
If bail is set at $3 million
dollars, you'd be required
to post ten percent
of that amount.
Yes, I understand.
So ordered.
You're doing pretty good, Tina.
Proud of you.
[Tyson] Oh, look, it's
the reception committee, huh?
-[reporters clamoring]
-Yeah, that's great.
Tina, this is embarrassing.
Seriously, Tina,
-I want to talk to you about--
-Later.
-[stammers]
-Mr. Manfredi.
Come on, come on,
let-let me get through.
-We're going through.
-[shouting]
Get inside, honey. Get inside.
[Tyson] 'Scuse-- Hey, give
the man some space, y'all.
[reporter]
Are you here representing
the Invernizzi crime syndicate?
-[grunts]
-[clamoring continues]
-[shouting]
-[engine starts]
Right. Okay.
Thanks for letting me know.
-Hey.
-Hey, hey. I'm almost done.
Cross-referenced firearms
and explosive possession
in the past two years.
Manfredi made bail.
What?
How?
He made bail.
No details yet.
[scoffs]
I'll have the FBI
keep an eye on him.
Don't worry about it.
Oh, don't worry?
Okay, well, transfer me.
You can do that, right?
To where?
I don't know. Anywhere.
Back to where I came from.
I'll do my best.
But after all this shit,
you'd be a tough sell, Stacy.
♪ People
♪ Say
♪ That you're leaving...
I'm not saying
vulnerable, exactly.
It's more that people
sense a power vacuum.
What people?
People we should be
concerned about.
Other families.
That's the word on the street?
So we need to be
on a war footing.
Cooler heads, huh?
We tried that.
We're badly outnumbered,
Chickie.
And with Dwight defecting,
our consiglieri
getting poached...
[scoffs] Poached?
I left Goodie's ass in Oklahoma
along with the rest
of the cow shit.
Oh. He's our man in Tulsa.
That is our position.
I'm just saying,
there's chatter
about infighting,
questions about
what happened to Pete.
My father?
I've heard everything
from a bump on the head
to some fucked-up
oedipal scenario.
[Chickie]
All right, look,
we got to put these rumors
to rest.
I say the sooner the better.
I'm meeting Jimmy Moore
down at Clemente's Crab House.
Tell him he owes me money.
Look, I'm sorry, okay?
I'm just a little
out of sorts today.
Not at all.
[door opens]
[door shuts]
Right.
Perception.
[Nicky D]
What are we gonna do?
Well, we can't just go around
knocking everybody off
willy-nilly.
[Vince]
Can't hesitate, either.
Money dries up,
allies abandon us, then what?
Then we do something decisive?
You want
to go down fighting, huh?
It's either die in the street
or in some fucking
prison hospital.
Your dad,
God love him, he was blessed.
Just drifted off
in a nice warm bath.
♪ dramatic music
Yeah.
♪ optimistic music
♪♪♪
Hey, Tyson, how's your old man?
Good. His birthday coming up.
The big six-oh.
-Six-oh. Wow.
-Yeah. [chuckles]
When I was 60,
I felt like I was 200.
Shit, that's
'cause you was in the joint.
I was in the joint.
You know, there was, uh,
this really good poet
named Oscar Wilde.
He was in the pen, too.
He wrote these poems,
and I was thinking, like--
Ah, let me see.
"With midnight
always in one's heart,
and twilight
always in one's cell,
we turn the crank,
or tear the rope,
each in our separate Hell."
Yes.
I don't know what that mean.
Oh, he's talking about, "with
midnight always in one's heart,"
he's depressed.
"Twilight in one's cell"--
still depressed.
-Okay.
-"Turn the crank"--
Christ, that's, like,
heavy labor.
Or "tear the rope..."
You'll never figure
this one out.
A long time ago,
they used to have these ropes
covered in tar for the ships,
and you had to pull the tar off
with your bare hands.
That's hard, man.
It's hard, hard labor.
And on top of that,
he couldn't talk.
No talking. Imagine?
You'd go crazy.
I would've went mad.
Know what I mean?
-I got to talk. [laughs]
-That's right. No.
Oh, my God. Hey, whoa.
Wait a minute.
You know, we're being followed.
Just started.
What are you gonna do? Let's go.
Soon as I get out
of this damn school zone.
[laughs]
Tyson Mitchell,
the courteous gangster.
Hang on.
♪ intriguing music
♪♪♪
[Cole]
Turn around up here.
-Any more questions?
-[exhales sharply]
[chuckles]
There goes lunch.
-I'll lasso you a Lexus.
-[whip cracking]
Saddle you up a Subaru.
Or hog-tie you a Hummer.
Because at Donnie Shore's
Auto Corral,
-we'll make a deal...
-[eagle cries]
..."Shore" enough!
COMMENTATOR:
Welcome back, everyone.
[Goodie]
We got to get
the sports book up and running.
Football season's
right around the corner.
We should also be looking at
is cigarettes.
Buy truckload direct,
get some fake tax stamps.
Absolutely. That's like
a license to print money.
Between the child support
and kicking up to Dwight,
I'm gonna need
a fucking license.
It sounds like you're sorry
he made bail.
Hey, I didn't say that.
Hey, you didn't have to.
Fuck you guys.
And he's back.
Oh!
-Was there any doubt?
-[Armand] Not by me.
To our fearless leader.
-Welcome home.
-Thank you, Mitch.
-Appreciate it.
-Salute.
-Salute. Salute.
Salute.
The fuck is that?
That is what
I wanted to talk about.
That's my cousin.
His name's Michael, but
he likes to be called Bigfoot.
Bigfoot.
He looks like
a fucking cave bear.
That's one scary-looking,
tree-eating motherfucker
right there.
Look, I just thought
that we could use
a little serious beef
around here.
I mean, no offense, but
what we got here's looking...
-a little frail.
-Well, hold on, now. You...
See the beef
that's going on over here.
Look, your growth spurt
is well over, sport.
Least he had
a fucking growth spurt.
-[laughs]
-Where's my growth spurt?
Bring him over.
Michael.
Just moved from Kentucky.
He's looking for work.
He's tough as shit
and he's very polite.
[whispers] Call him Bigfoot.
Bigfoot.
Hmm. How you doing, Bigfoot?
I'm doing all right. Thank you.
So, what's your specialty?
Psychology.
Psychology?
How's that work?
I simply try to understand
people who are very rude
before I smash their heads.
[laughs] I like that.
But, you know,
this shit around here
can get dark, very dark.
Are you willing to go there?
Whatever it takes
to feed the family,
-sir.
-Mm.
You're hired.
Thank you.
You won't be disappointed.
Good.
Why don't you go to the bar
and have, uh, what,
a case of beer. On me.
-Don't mind if I do.
-[chuckles]
-[groans softly]
-[chuckling]
[Bigfoot]
Cuz.
See if you can get him
a shirt with sleeves.
-I'll set him up.
-[Armand] How'd you make out
in there, skip--
you get any sleep?
You can't get sleep in there.
It's the noisiest place
in the friggin' world.
But I had a revelation.
You know, we do scores.
And there's no such thing
as bad scores.
But it's about time
we up our game, you know?
Let's just say someday
we want to go legit.
So, I come across
this guy in there,
and he scammed...
scammed the government
out of $12.5 million dollars
-in subsidies on wind farms.
-[Mitch whistles]
Go figure. And I thought...
"Why not us?"
You-you want us
to go straight now?
Straight-ish.
Not like Al Capone, but...
kind of like these
fucking politicians.
You bend the rules.
What do you think?
There's a fine line
between who's a criminal
and who's a businessman.
Very wise man.
-Cheers.
-[Armand/Goodie] Salute.
-Salute.
♪ pensive music
♪♪♪
You're looking good, Pilot.
-My God. Strong as a bull.
-[chuckles]
You've been doing a great job.
-Thank you.
-Look at all the muscle.
What's he eating?
He really likes bananas.
-Bananas?
-Yeah.
So, how do you like the job?
I love it. Thank you.
[Margaret]
Why don't you saddle him up,
take him for a spin?
'Cause I don't
have a death wish.
Me and Pilot
have an arrangement.
I'm not gonna try to ride him
and he won't ask me for money.
Good policy.
New mare just arrived.
Cool. See you.
See you around.
Nice shoes.
Think you got
more pairs than I do.
It's an addiction.
-Ha!
-It is.
Ah.
So, how have you been?
Good. You know, it's all good.
-Really?
-Mm-hmm.
'Cause you're all over the news.
Federal indictment.
I know. You can't listen
to that stuff, you know?
You got to think
on the bright side, Margaret.
-Oh, okay.
-Mm-hmm.
In that case,
free tomorrow night?
What'd you have in mind?
-A fundraiser.
-Aw.
[laughing]
The local and state Red Cross
is being sponsored
by a client of mine.
-Uh-huh.
-Cal Thresher.
Am I supposed to know him?
Well, you do have
something in common.
He first got super rich in oil,
and now he's a huge player
in the medical
marijuana business.
-Richer than God.
-Mm.
That's rich.
Are you going to this function?
-I'm on the board.
-Hmm.
Think you can fill a table?
It's gonna be an odd one,
that's for sure.
-[chuckles]
-Will you join us?
Oh, sorry.
I already bought one.
Stop by for a drink, though.
Hey, Margaret.
You are a ballbuster.
Look who's talking.
♪ easygoing music
♪♪♪
Now, this... [scoffs]
This is insulting.
They done swapped out the Tahoe
for this pitiful
fucking Ford Fusion?
Damn. Sh-Should I lose 'em?
♪ ominous music
[sighs]
Pull over.
[Dwight] I'm sure you guys
got better things to do
than follow me around.
Maybe catch some terrorists.
So, I'm gonna
give you my schedule.
As long as your schedule
doesn't include
a stop by the ATF office.
Are you saying
I'm threatening her?
She put you away, right?
You've been warned.
[door opens]
-[doors shut]
-[engine starts]
-[keys jangle]
-[sighs]
What are you doing here?
Sit down, please.
I helped myself.
Are you here to kill me?
No.
I'm the only thing standing
between you and prison.
I got to say...
...when I heard
you were afraid of me...
...what I might do to you...
...I got pretty upset.
[soft chuckle]
So, tell me, what happened?
Okay, so...
...if you're not here
to hurt me...
...then why are you here?
I'm here
to look you in the eyes.
♪ tense music
Because...
that's what serious people do.
When I was away...
...I put on this...
brave face,
I guess you'd call it.
But I felt really alone.
And then I get out.
Then you came along,
and I felt something again.
And you made me think
different things.
It was great.
But I knew
we would never
be okay with each other
because of the lives we lead.
But I want you to know...
...I have more
respect for you...
...than almost anyone
I've ever met.
I don't know
what to say to that.
I'm sorry.
You don't have to say anything.
They played you.
It was not your fault.
You were...
used.
Got to go.
See you in court.
It was nice
while it lasted, Stacy.
[door closes]
[sighs]
What?
So, we gonna do this dance?
I'm an accomplice?
I'm not trying
to be funny, 'cause...
if I was provoked and some shit
like that happened to me,
I might be provoked to,
I don't know,
bust a cap in her ass.
You know what I'm saying?
I'm not that twisted.
I seen you shove a guy's head
through a bullhorn
and blast his face off.
You're a little twisted, man.
[both laughing]
A little twisted, man.
You're a little...
"You're a little twisted."
A little twisted.
She's fine.
-She fine? [sighs]
-Yeah, she's fine.
[chuckles]
Drive on.
-Let's get something to eat.
-[sighs]
♪ upbeat music
♪♪♪
Man,
wait till you
see this new place, yo.
Yo, Bodhi showed the fuck out.
It's got a pool table, minibar.
It's got a, um, jukebox,
recording studio.
That's why I'm about to be
up in there working on my music.
[chuckles]
What, opera?
[scoffs] Man, come on, man.
Rap-- bars, lyricism, poetry.
Jay-Z. They--
Look, HOV, uh, Biggie, Pac--
they all started off
just like me.
Yeah, I got a rap name for you:
Serious A.D.D.
Oh, my God, man.
[chuckles]
I'm just breaking your balls.
You know, you build
a better mousetrap
and people will beat a path
to your door.
-Ralph Waldo Emerson said that.
-[scoffs]
-Another teachable moment?
-It is.
Like, our last joint--
it was okay, it was nice.
But the Even Higher Plane?
Now we're catering
to people's personal need.
[Tyson]
Oh, personal needs.
I went to a massage parlor when
I was 15 years old. [chuckles]
Catered to my personal needs,
so I know all about that.
-You know what I'm saying?
-No, that-that's disgusting.
Oh, get out of here.
Let's go check it out.
♪ "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida"
by Iron Butterfly ♪
-No, this-- No, no, no.
-Goddamn.
This is something else.
This is fire.
♪ In-a-gadda...
You can move your bed in here.
I might-I might just do that.
-Right there in the living room.
-Look at this place.
This is crazy. They got robots?
Wait, robot?
They got the robots in here.
-Man.
-Don't need me.
-That's incredible.
-[laughs]
You look very confident.
That's nice.
What's going on?
-I'm not just a clerk anymore.
-Mm-hmm.
Bodhi made me
a cannabis concierge.
Okay. Very good.
Can I interest you
in a cannagar?
-Jesus.
-[laughs]
Zombie fingers.
No, I don't think so.
I got to think straight.
Hey, Fred. How you doing?
-Hey, boss.
-Fred, Fred.
Are you telling me people play
chess when they're high? Really?
All the fucking time.
I can barely play checkers.
-[chuckling]
-Anyway, Tyson,
I need you to go to the
tailor shop and rent some suits.
Take the boys. Have a good time.
Something tasteful for tonight.
All I know is taste.
I'm talking about good taste.
[scoffs]
Hey.
Hey. Welcome home, el jefe.
-[Dwight] Mm.
-Hail to the conquering hero.
Oh, yeah. Tina put up my bond.
Hey, you did
a great fucking job.
Seriously.
-Yeah?
-Jefferson Starship here.
Yeah, we're ready to open.
We're just gonna finalize
the new insurance policy.
Yeah, bigger business,
bigger liability.
[Bodhi]
The cannabis lounge
offers a higher level
of exposure,
so we could be sued
if someone gets too high
and then crashes their car.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Hey, whatever happened to people
being personally responsible
for their own actions?
You're telling me
this guy drives home,
walks down his hallway
and drowns in his toilet
and that's on us,
that we're liable? Come on.
Yeah. It's bullshit.
A moron can just be a moron
after leaving our place
and we could be liable.
All right. Well,
get the biggest policy you ca--
Hey!
I might have stumbled
into an opportunity, hmm?
Half-built wind turbines.
There's a tongue twister.
Sorry, how is that interesting?
Because the owner is going away
for stealing the subsidies.
If we can get these subsidies
back, that's free energy.
Which we can use...
...to power our own
hydroponic weed farm.
[imitates riff
from "Sunshine of Your Love"]
♪ Free energy
♪ "Sunshine of Your Love"
by Cream ♪
-[entry bell jingles]
-Welcome to the Blue Dome.
[Mitch]
Howdy.
And how may I assist
you gentlemen today?
We're looking for some
new outfits for a big event.
-Mm-hmm.
-Something classy.
Boss wanted us to blend in.
I assume this event
is like Comic-Con or something?
[chuckles] No, it's a
fundraising event for charity.
It's very fancy.
And is there a particular style
that you're interested in?
Classic country.
Hip-hop smooth.
Hunter Thompson
attending
Jerry Garcia's wedding.
Just something that fits, man.
Gentlemen,
when I'm done with you,
you will look hotter than
a three-peckered billy goat.
♪ "Sharp Dressed Man"
by ZZ Top♪
♪ Ah♪
♪ Clean shirt, new shoes
♪ And I don't know
where I am going to ♪
♪ Silk suit
-♪ Black tie
♪ I don't need
a reason why-y-y ♪
♪ They come running
just as fast as they can ♪
♪ 'Cause every girl
♪ Crazy 'bout
a sharp-dressed man ♪
Now, this shit,
this shit a vibe. I ain't...
Are we gonna head in or what?
I ain't going into that place
without the boss man.
Besides, aren't we
fashionable enough to be late?
Yeah, I know that, but, mm...
they're gonna run out
of prime rib.
Well, how you know
it's prime ribs?
Trust me, man.
There's prime rib in there.
Your ass always wants some food.
-Oops.
-Damn!
-Fuck.
-That's a hell of an entrance.
[chuckling]
[Armand]
Fuck is this?
Fucking tailgate party?
Yeah. What of it?
'Cause it's a fundraiser, Zeppo,
not some skeevy
Hacky Sack campground.
[valet]
Sir.
I-I can't be on the hook
for this scratch.
Scratch?
Come on.
You can't even fucking s ee it.
What, you got
a little nick there?
-[Armand] No, no, nothing.
-No big deal?
-No, this guy's...
-Here you go, son.
-There you go.
-Those people in there,
they're gonna have a few drinks.
In a couple of hours,
they won't notice anything.
You know what I mean?
-Yes, sir.
-Okay.
Take care.
Look at this group
of distinguished gentlemen.
My God.
Let me take a gander.
Very nice.
What is that thing, a bread box?
[Bodhi]
Mm-hmm.
[Dwight]
What's that, a '66?
What, they had Car and Driver
in the joint?
All right, guys,
you need to be on good behavior.
There's a lot of high-level
people with high-level money,
especially this guy
named Thresher.
-Who the fuck is Thresher?
-He's who we want to be.
He runs the oil business,
and he's the largest
weed distributor in Oklahoma.
That's one guy
we want to be friends with.
-Mm.
-Okay?
-Let's do it.
-Yes, sir.
All right, guys,
let's go impress.
♪ lively music
♪♪♪
[indistinct chatter]
[soft jazz piano playing]
Nice, nice. Nice.
I don't know where our table is.
I'll go look around.
You guys mingle.
Try not to embarrass yourself.
Catch up with you later.
I'm gonna go find the food
somewhere around.
Should we get a drink?
It's either that
or stand here looking stupid.
How's my hair?
It's better than it was.
[Dwight]
Armand.
Yeah. What is it?
Are you drunk?
I had a few earlier.
What's the big deal?
Big deal is you represent me.
Right.
Hey, it's been a rough day.
-It could get rougher.
-Jesus.
Will you give me
a fuckin' break, Dwight,
and stop
busting my balls, please?
-What?
-Look,
I'm having problems
with the fucking family, okay?
My wife left and took the kids,
and now I'm stuck
trying to sell the house.
Not to mention
the back child support I owe,
plus all the other shit.
Jesus Christ.
And on top of that,
you and your fucking debt.
You're killing me.
You should go.
Bigfoot,
why don't you show him the door?
I know
where the fucking door is.
[Tyson]
So, uh... [inhales]
what's that called?
Pigeon on a Stick.
Like a regular pigeon
that you see... around?
I guess so.
Right. Okay, so...
-so what's this brown stuff?
-Fried cicada.
It's like a grasshopper.
-Would you like to try some?
-Oh, no, thank you.
I had a real late lunch.
Appreciate that.
Hey there.
-Nice party.
-[chuckles]
Oh, look at you.
You know,
you got the kind of hair
that poets write about.
[chuckling]
Oh. That's a first.
Hey.
[Margaret]
Dwight, this is Cal Thresher,
the host of our evening.
How you doing?
Margaret told me
you might drop by.
She told me too much about you.
Uh, Cal, stop. It wasn't-- No.
[chuckling]
It... it... it was just enough.
That's nice.
So, you're the man who's
gonna put me out of business.
Who said that? Cal.
No, he has
a very odd sense of humor.
-Mm.
-Like I said,
Margaret told me
a lot about you.
Well, that puts me
at a disadvantage.
[Margaret]
Okay.
On that note,
I'm going to leave you two...
men to yourselves.
-[Dwight chuckles softly]
-Mm-hmm.
-Nice lady.
Mm-hmm.
So, I hear
you're in the weed business.
Yeah.
We're thinking about expanding.
This hydroponics--
getting into that a little bit.
Crowded marketplace.
You know, competition's healthy.
Well, depends
who you're competing with.
-Mm.
-If it's the wrong person,
well, that could be a very
uphill battle, Mr. Manfredi.
You know my name.
Oh, I know everything
about everything around here.
Hmm.
I don't want
to sound out of line,
but if I were you,
I'd stay in my own lane,
whichever one that is.
♪ suspenseful music
I just got here.
What does that mean?
Is there a problem?
There wasn't.
Until there was.
My turn.
What's that supposed to mean?
I know where you come from.
You're here
to take advantage, right?
Isn't that what...
you people do?
-"You people"?
-Mm.
You come up here
pretending you're somebody,
all attitude, all that...
tough guy shit.
Hmm?
But out here,
people get swallowed up
by people that have real push.
Mm.
By the way you're looking at me,
am I supposed to feel...
threatened?
You should.
Let's get out of here.
[Margaret]
You're leaving?
Yeah. Uh, thanks
for the invitation.
Why? What happened?
I just forgot
I got a lot of things to do.
Okay.
[lively jazz piano playing]
♪♪♪
-[indistinct chatter]
-[slot machines chiming]
[phone rings]
Hang on. These slots
make a fucking racket.
Life's tough these days, huh?
Chickie?
Where's Jerry?
He's here.
I'm just borrowing his phone.
How come?
'Cause I wanted to talk to you.
Jerry feels, in light of you
being a disloyal piece of shit,
that there's a-a--
what do you call it--
a perception going around
about my leadership.
But that's on you, Chickie.
You made your decision.
Yeah, I did.
But in case you have any doubts,
I'm calling to let you know...
you shouldn't.
What are you talking about?
Say hi to Jerry.
Goodie!
Now say goodbye.
♪ ominous music
♪♪♪
[reporters clamoring]
[male reporter] Mr. Manfredi,
is it true you're moving
-your mafia family to Tulsa?
-What's the reason you tried
-to bribe an ATF agent?
-Mr. Manfredi, a statement.
Will you bring your family
as well?
What actually happened?
[clamoring continues]
[Dwight scoffs softly]
Time to find a new hotel.
[sighs]
[starts engine]
♪ energetic music
♪♪♪
[grunting]
[phone rings]
Yeah.
Mr. Bevilaqua,
it's Cal Thresher.
Giving you a little heads-up
about one of your brethren,
a New Yorker
named Dwight Manfredi.
Yeah, I heard of him.
Invernizzi family.
They call him the General.
What about him?
Well, I heard
once he got out of prison,
he was chased out of New York.
So what?
So, he went west.
He set up shop here in Tulsa.
"Set up shop." What's that mean?
[Thresher]
He owns a bar, casino,
and I hear he's heavy
into the marijuana business.
[Bevilaqua]
Manfredi's doing all this?
Here?
I thought this was
your territory.
Why don't you get a copy
of today's Tulsa Star,
check it out.
It's not good.
♪ From a southern
part of state... ♪
[hangs up]
♪ Well, I'm a hardworking man
♪ Who's at his wits' end
♪ There's a truck in the drive
that belongs to another man ♪
♪ I've got a .45
and my finger on the band ♪
♪ I'm a hardworking man
♪ Who's at his wits' end
♪ percussive, upbeat music
♪♪♪